Docs & Changelog (#2176)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

and open `docs/build/html/index.html` in your browser.

Notes:

>  - you need to have installed latex for rendering math equations. To do so you install TeXLive, you can do one of following:
>     * on linux run `apt install texlive`
>     * use [RTD docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/readthedocs/build)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - You need to have LaTeX installed for rendering math equations. You can for example install TeXLive by doing one of the following:
    * on Linux run `apt install texlive` or otherwise follow the instructions on the TeXLive website
    * use the [RTD docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/readthedocs/build)
```
btw not all Linux distros use apt, but yeah if someone uses a different OS they will know anyway how to do it with a different package manager :)

> - with PL used class meta you need to use python 3.7 or higher

Reviewer: is it related only to docs? if not, maybe mention it elsewhere?

Reviewer: to clarify I mean the 2nd bullet point "with PL used class meta you need to use python 3.7 or higher"

Author: I found it important only for docs as all other test are passing also for 3.6
